{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh16080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\
root : 1\
"calendar : 1\
"skinned" : 1\
& : 4\
(and : 2\
(draft)\
vvenue : 1\
(draft)\
\'95\
caldav : 1\
(rfc2445)\
itip : 1\
(rfc2446)\
caldav : 1\
(rfc4791)\
caldav : 1\
- : 2\
/public : 1\
/user\
personal : 1\
1 : 1\
1.5 : 1\
2010\
go : 2\
3.6 : 1\
3.6\
1.1\
bedework : 1\
31, : 2\
4 : 1\
5.\
features : 1\
: : 11\
a : 18\
about : 1\
access : 3\
across : 1\
add\
and : 1\
admin : 1\
administration : 1\
administrative : 3\
administrators : 2\
administrators.\
personal : 1\
all : 1\
all\
database : 1\
allowing : 4\
an : 2\
and : 30\
and\
clients : 1\
and\
group : 1\
and\
mar : 1\
and\
scheduling, : 1\
and\
uses. : 1\
any : 1\
apple's : 2\
applications : 1\
appropriate. : 1\
architecture : 1\
architecture\
bedework : 1\
are : 10\
are\
publicly : 1\
are\
stored : 1\
as : 2\
authenticated : 2\
authentication : 1\
available : 1\
backup, : 1\
based : 3\
be : 2\
become : 2\
bedework : 13\
bedework\
public : 1\
bedework\
system. : 1\
bedework\
\'95\
\'95\
java : 1\
bedework's : 1\
bedework. : 1\
been : 2\
belong.\
public : 1\
below : 2\
between : 2\
both. : 1\
but : 1\
by : 4\
caching : 1\
caldav : 5\
calendar : 14\
calendar\
maintenance : 1\
calendar\
root : 1\
calendar\
suite : 1\
calendaring : 6\
calendaring, : 1\
calendaring. : 1\
calendars : 3\
calendars\
and : 1\
calendars, : 2\
called : 1\
can : 4\
can\
modify : 1\
capable : 2\
central : 1\
changed : 1\
chapter : 1\
choose : 1\
client : 8\
client\
personal : 1\
client, : 2\
client. : 2\
client.\
administrative : 1\
clients : 6\
clients) : 1\
clients, : 1\
clients. : 2\
clustered : 1\
comes : 1\
command-line : 1\
commercial\
enterprises.\
you : 1\
community : 2\
community\
to : 1\
completely : 1\
compliance : 1\
components:\
\'95 : 1\
configuring : 1\
conform : 1\
consists : 1\
contacts : 1\
contacts, : 1\
contents\
p.10 : 1\
contents\
p.8 : 1\
control : 3\
core : 3\
current : 1\
currently : 1\
custom : 1\
customizable : 1\
customization.\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
public : 1\
customized : 1\
database : 2\
degree : 2\
deploy : 1\
deployed : 1\
design : 1\
design. : 1\
designed : 1\
desktop : 2\
display : 1\
displayed : 1\
displays : 1\
divided : 1\
dump/restore : 1\
easily\
skinned : 1\
edit : 1\
education, : 1\
embedding : 1\
emphasis : 1\
engine\
\'95 : 1\
entering : 1\
enterprise : 2\
entities : 1\
entry : 1\
environments.\
bedework : 1\
event : 5\
events : 19\
events\
calendars : 1\
events\
with : 1\
events\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
\'95\
public : 1\
events, : 3\
events.\
highly : 1\
evolution, : 1\
example, : 1\
extensible. : 1\
external : 1\
feature : 1\
feeds : 1\
feeds\
caldav : 1\
feel : 1\
folder : 1\
folder.\
public : 1\
following : 2\
for : 20\
for\
hibernate : 1\
for\
more : 1\
from : 1\
full : 2\
fully : 1\
fundamental : 1\
further : 1\
future : 1\
giving : 2\
global : 1\
goal : 2\
group : 2\
group\
calendaring : 1\
group\
events : 1\
groups : 1\
guest : 1\
handheld\
devices.\
database : 1\
has : 3\
have : 1\
heavily : 1\
hibernate : 2\
high : 1\
higher : 1\
html : 1\
ical : 1\
ical, : 1\
identity.\
mar : 1\
implemented : 1\
improving\
availability.\
sharing : 1\
in : 9\
including : 3\
independence : 1\
independent. : 1\
information : 1\
information\
\'95 : 1\
initialization, : 1\
installation : 1\
integration : 1\
interoperability : 2\
interoperable : 1\
into : 1\
introducing : 1\
is : 14\
is\
built : 1\
is\
carried : 1\
it : 5\
java : 1\
java, : 1\
javascript, : 1\
kept : 1\
later.\
standards : 1\
level\
performance : 1\
lightning\
carddav : 1\
lightning, : 1\
locations,\
and : 1\
look : 1\
main : 1\
maintain : 1\
maintenance : 1\
many : 3\
may : 3\
members : 2\
mode\
and : 1\
mode. : 1\
model : 1\
models, : 1\
moderating\
pending : 1\
modular : 1\
more : 1\
mozilla : 2\
multiple : 2\
not\
event : 1\
number : 1\
of : 23\
of\
attaining : 1\
of\
the : 1\
on : 2\
one : 1\
only\
add : 1\
open-source : 1\
options : 1\
or : 6\
organizations : 1\
other : 5\
others.\
\'95\
web : 1\
out : 1\
over\
how : 1\
overview\
bedework : 1\
own : 1\
owners : 1\
pending : 1\
personal : 8\
personal, : 1\
portals\
and : 1\
private : 1\
producing : 1\
production\
rss, : 1\
provide : 1\
provides : 3\
public : 19\
public\
calendaring : 1\
public, : 1\
queue : 1\
quickstart : 1\
range : 1\
reliability. : 1\
resources.\
\'95 : 1\
root : 2\
run : 1\
scheduling : 2\
scheduling. : 1\
schemes : 1\
see\
a : 1\
see\
chapters : 1\
separate : 1\
server : 6\
server\
will : 1\
settings : 2\
setup : 1\
shared\
hidden : 1\
sharing : 1\
shown : 1\
skins : 1\
space : 1\
space, : 1\
spaces: : 1\
standards : 3\
status : 1\
strong : 1\
submission : 2\
submissions : 2\
submitting\
events : 1\
subscribe : 1\
subscribed : 1\
subscription : 1\
such\
as : 1\
suggest : 2\
suitable : 2\
suite : 1\
suite, : 1\
suites : 1\
suites\
public : 1\
suites"\
allowing : 1\
suites. : 2\
suite\'94, : 1\
super : 1\
support : 3\
supported:\
icalendar : 1\
supporting : 1\
supports : 2\
synchronized : 1\
system : 7\
systems : 4\
table : 2\
tagged : 1\
that : 1\
the : 20\
the\
personal : 1\
their : 3\
their\
desktop : 1\
theming, : 1\
these : 1\
they : 1\
this : 1\
though : 1\
three\
roles: : 1\
through : 1\
timezone : 2\
to : 15\
transactions : 1\
two : 1\
unless : 2\
used : 2\
used\
with : 1\
user : 3\
users : 4\
uses : 1\
using : 3\
utilities : 1\
versions : 1\
video : 1\
view : 2\
viewable : 1\
views : 1\
visibility : 1\
way : 1\
web : 12\
web) : 1\
well : 1\
whatever : 1\
which : 2\
who : 1\
wide : 1\
will\
compile : 1\
with : 7\
work : 1\
written : 1\
xml : 1\
xml\
and : 1\
xslt : 2\
your : 2\
\'96 : 1\
\'93calendar : 1\
}